ticdc: fix kafka message size limit (#5408) (#5475)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/troubleshoot-ticdc.md

## When TiCDC replicates data to Kafka, can I control the maximum size of a single message in TiDB?

> Yes. You can set the `max-message-bytes` parameter to control the maximum size of data sent to the Kafka broker each time (optional, `64MB` by default). You can also set `max-batch-size` to specify the maximum number of change records in each Kafka message. Currently, the setting only takes effect when Kafka's protocol is `default` (optional, `4096` by default).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Since v4.0.9, you can set the `max-message-bytes` parameter to control the maximum size of data sent to the Kafka broker each time (optional, `64MB` by default). You can also set `max-batch-size` to specify the maximum number of change records in each Kafka message. Currently, the setting only takes effect when Kafka's protocol is `default` (optional, `4096` by default).
+ Before v4.0.9, TiCDC sets the maximum size of batch messages to 512 MB, and that of a single message to 4 MB.
```
